>> Mike North: So we're gonna learn how
to defend against man in the middle
attacks by installing a certificate
in our app and serving our site
over https instead of plain http.
>> Mike North: So
what we will end up doing, I'm just
gonna copy this little bit of text here,
we will need that in a moment.
Go over to our app, and I can delete this,
that was just our demo for
making subresource integrity.
We go into index.js and I'm just
going to find out where http is used.
I could just do it right here.
Or you know what?
I actually think it's in a different file,
crap.
Yep, there it is.
index.js, not serverindex.js.
So we've got this http here.
We're gonna basically
replace it with https, so
we can just go ahead and add that here.
I'm gonna carry this with me as
we find where that was used.
Should be a little red squiggle now
because we don't have that defined
anymore.
>> Mike North: There it is,
http create server.
So here's our new method for
creating a server with https.
We don't want this anymore.
And we've got a file name and we've got
a key, and then the key passphrase.
So, all that's left is for
us to generate a certificate.
So let's go through
those openSSL commands.
So first, generating the secure key.
>> Mike North: Did I do something wrong?
Maybe I flipped this.
Turns out pasting multi-line is not nice.
Okay, so now we're being
asked to enter a passphrase.
This, private keys are not
something that you want
to store in their unencrypted form.
You basically want this to be locked
with the password, symmetric encrypted.
It's like it is half of a public
key encryption key pair and
we're going to symmetric encrypt this so
that any time we wanna use it we must
provide the pass key in order to use it.
That means that if someone
gets a hold of this file,
they're basically gonna have to
work really hard to open it up.
So I'm gonna create a super,
super safe password.
>> Mike North: Okay, so enter it again.
All right, so now we have our key,
and I'm gonna put that here.
I'll build the path for that, so
this is the proper way to do it in node.
>> Mike North: I'd do something like this.
>> Mike North: Or there's __dirname plus
my, sorry comma separated my private key.
So there we've got our path.
And for a passphrase,
I'm actually not going to commit
this into my GIT repository.
That would be a bad idea.
What we're going to do here is pass
this in as an environment variable.
And that will mean that we can set
that up on our production machines,
whoever needs to know about it, but our
source code is not gonna deal with this.
So maybe our developers don't even
have access to this private key.
They probably shouldn't.
And the SRA team, maybe only one or
two people would have the ability
to actually read this thing.
Only the server that's running
should be able to grab this.
And if you work for
an Internet scale company,
like LinkedIn, I'm not sure,
I don't think anybody has the ability,
possibly at the executive level,
they could grab the private key.
But everyone else just refers
to it in an abstract way and
when our production apps have
been up like they are gravid
programmatically from something
that manages the keys, right?
So you don't want human hands touching
this.
>> Mike North: We'll just call it
passphrase.
So now we need to generate a certificate.
For that we need a public key.
And I will get rid of
these slashes in a moment.
>> Mike North: The private key's password.
We need to enter this anytime we use it.
>> Mike North: Okay so
now I've got my public key.
We can look at what these look like.
Here's my encrypted private key and
you know that it's encrypted
because you see this.
If it weren't encrypted that
word encrypted would be missing.
Public key is not encrypted.
Anyone can use this right?
This is out there for the world to use.
It is for creating messages
only that the server can read.
So there's the public key.
No the encrypted word is not present.
So now we will copy this.
Use it for the cert as well.
I think, we don't have a cert yet.
One last step.
Let me close all this.
We don't need it anymore.
So generate the certificate
signing request.
That's the next step.
And this requires entering
some additional information,
where we would say, passphrase.
Okay, so now.
If you ever wondered where
all the information when you
look at a certificate,
where all that comes from, this is it.
This is where you enter
the name of your business and
the name of the server that you're looking
to align with to name the certificate so
it works for a particular domain.
All of that happens now.
So I'll say we're from the US.
Our state is,
>> Mike North: Anyone know where
Equifax is?
>> Mike North: State of confusion.
We'll leave this out.
Organization name, so
[LAUGH] Private Data Disclosure Division
>> Mike North: Common name, so
this is where we'd wanna do something
that relates to our domain name.
So see where it says FQDN?
That's fully qualified domain name.
And in this case,
let's call it equihax.lvh.me.
Because lvh.me is the wildcard
domain we can use for localhost.
We're gonna use this so that we can see
like that, hey, it works for one domain.
Here's a warning that we get
when we try different domain.
Email address.
>> Mike North: And challenge password.
So we're not gonna add a challenge
password to this certificate signing
request.
You would add this if you were
sending it over a connection that you
didn't trust and maybe the certificate
authority would say here,
use this challenge password
to encrypt your CSR.
We're not gonna bother with it, it is
not as necessary to put it here as it
would be on the private key.
>> Mike North: Okay, so
now we've got our certificate signing
request, and that's this thing here.
Again, not readable.
>> Mike North: And
the last step here is to generate,
to sign that certificate and
finally our certificate
will end up being created.
So delete all these new lines.
We're gonna say days one instead of three.
All right, and this should work.
And it didn't, what's wrong?
There's the key, there's the out,
myrequest.csr that looks right.
What are you complaining about openSSL?
Unknown option myrequest.csr.
>> Mike North: That looks right,
and there's definitely an in argument,
is there not?
There it is, in arg.
Let's get rid of this,
make sure I don't have a new line.
>> Mike North: Odd.
>> Mike North: So
>> Mike North: I'm just looking for
other ones that I have run,
just to see what those commands look like.
>> Mike North: Looks right.
OpenSSL x509.
>> Mike North: Okay.
Let me just check my
file names one more time.
>> Mike North: My private key.
My certificate there, my request.csr.
>> Mike North: Nope.
>> Mike North: All right.
Days three.
>> Mike North: Come on now.
>> Mike North: Let's just try a part of
the command.
You need a private key
to sign with obviously.
>> Mike North: Hm.
>> Student2: Is your private key
there?
>> Mike North: It's right here.
[CROSSTALK] You know what?
No, I just created the CSR, it's just
not giving me very useful output.
>> Mike North: There it is.
Okay, what's the error message?
Unknown option req.
That was the one where
I took the dash off,
that I shouldn't have done.
>> Mike North: Okay,
unknown option my-restquest.csr.
I've got in, the input file,
out is the output file.
>> Mike North: Actually this,
that was the full command there.
>> Mike North: Unknown option
my-request.cxr, which is there after in.
>> Mike North: I must have updated
a version of my library or something.
>> Mike North: Let's try this.
Maybe it's sensitive to order.
>> Student2: I pasted in what I used and
what worked in the chat.
>> Student2: It looks exactly
like what you've been doing but.
>> Mike North: Can
you check your version?
>> Student2: Yeah.
>> Mike North: There is no version command
on OpenSSL.
Not user friendly, indeed.
>> Student2: Space
version.
>> Mike North: There we go.
>> Student2: Yeah, we're on the same.
>> Mike North: [LAUGH] What?
Okay, let me try hand creating this
openssl x509 -req -in and then my-request.
And then signkey,
my.private.key, out
my certificate.crt-days
1.
>> Mike North: Dear lord,
that looks like exactly what I was typing.
All right, we'll have to look at
the instant replay on that but whatever.
So passphrase for the private key.
And we have created our certificate,
here it is.
So you'll note that if you
get a certificate that is
from a real certificate
authority that signs this.
You may get more than one file.
You will usually get any intermediate
certificates that you need in order to
build what is called
the whole trust chain.
So you wanna see often times it
is not really the trust root
that signs your certificate.
It would be an intermediate certificate
authority signs your certificate,
and it's maybe trusted by another
intermediate authority, and
then maybe that is trusted by the root.
They really don't like to use
the root to sign every certificate,
simply because if something goes wrong,
if something gets out,
they have a lot of clean up to do, right?
And so, if they want intermediate
authorities that expire in a shorter
period of time and that way you can
manage this kind of stuff more easily.
So, now we've got my private key and
my certificate.CRT.
And we should be able to start this up and
see what happens.
>> Mike North: Okay, so now, oop.
Anything wrong?
No startlet, okay.
So what we've done here is we've
started here without providing that
environment variable.
https, this node module
could not read my key.
So I'll add my super secret passphrase.
>> Mike North: Don't tell
anybody.
>> Student2: I had that same error.
>> Mike North: And it didn't work.
>> Mike North: God, it's so silly.
I think.
>> Student2: So I just shoved
my passphrase right in there.
>> Mike North: Into that?
>> Student2: Yeah, and
I still had that funny error.
>> Mike North: Really strange.
>> Mike North: So
server options.
>> Mike North: Clearly
takes the passphrase, that's a string.
It's got a cert and a key.
>> Mike North: Okay, so
we've got my certificate
just to double check,
my-certificate.crt, my-private
key is there.
Honestly, I don't see any
reason why this shouldn't work.
>> Mike North: Set cert.
>> Mike North: It cannot read that key for
some reason.
Okay, so we'll have to leave this as
the last little bit of the solution that
you'll look at the video course for
and check out the commit for
the solution on this.
This is in general what you have to do.
I for the life of me cannot
understand what's going on here.
So, it should be passphrase like that,
but it is probably like a slightly
different openSSL command to put the key
in the right format that the server wants.